But if you let me know something happened to my brother
I will definitely let you go.
Don't be afraid, as long as you listen to me obediently
Your brother's bone marrow transplant and post-treatment
I'll arrange it for you.
So, when can I speak to my brother?
He hasn't seen me for so long
I'm afraid he will worry about me.
Come here.
Do you hear me?
I asked you to come over.
Wait a minute.
Miss Lin is so proactive
You are in front of other men
Are you also so proactive?
Since Mr. Gu looks down on me so much
Why do you have to keep me by your side?
I said you are my thing
My stuff
Even if you don't like it
Then I have to come too
No, you're not.
I warn you.
I'm in a bad mood today, if you have any more
I can't guarantee what will happen to sleep
Guo Yiming, that beast